Test authoring tools (#153)
loadimpact/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/01 guides/03 Test authoring/02 Recording a session/02 Har converter.md

---
title: 'HAR converter'
excerpt: ''
---

The HAR converter is an alternative to the [Browser recorder](/test-authoring/recording-a-session/browser-recorder). It generates a k6 script based on the HTTP requests included on a [HAR file](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HAR_(file_format)>).

> > HAR is a file format used by all the browsers and various tools to export the recorded HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> HAR is a file format used by all major browsers and various other tools to export recorded HTTP requests.
```
